story recap here today i'm going to
explain a sensual thriller film called a
housemaid spoilers ahead watch out and
take care it's another busy night in the
city streets an assortment of meats is
grilling on each side all manners of
seafood are poking out of their tanks
and young men and women populate the
several bars and lounges in the
buildings suddenly a loud thud is heard
from a nearby block a young woman had
jumped off a building slowly the crowd
starts to gather as the woman's body lay
bleeding on the ground an ambulance
comes in but with a woman already dead
at that point they can only retrieve her
body later that night lee yoon-yi
persuades her co-worker to drive her to
the scene where the suicide took place
there yunyi becomes distraught upon
seeing the chalk outline of the body the
next morning an older woman named
beyonce also known as miss cho visits
yunyi she is the head housemate of
yuni's soon to be employer the woman
explains that she wanted to see how
yunyi lives since she wishes to be
thorough about who she's hiring
eventually uni is hired as a live-in
housemate on her first day at the job
miss cho introduces her to her new
employers first is heyra who is
currently pregnant with twins after
doing heyra's laundry she then meets her
young daughter nami in the afternoon
when nami returns from school yoon yi is
already at the door to greet her making
extra effort to ensure that nami notices
her after dinner yoon yee and miss cho
help themselves to the excessive
leftovers that the family had not eaten
moments later the father of the
household hoon arrives after a day of
work he greets you and you warmly and
orders miss cho to send up a bottle of
wine once he goes upstairs miss joe
prepares the glasses and instructs you
and you to take them to whom the new
housemate complies then sets down the
tray on the table while the married
couple talks about uni they mention her
being a graduate of an early childhood
education degree then comment about how
she'll be good with children that
evening when yoongi goes to bed nami
asks her to leave the door partially
ajar so she wouldn't be afraid to sleep
yoongi does so before smiling at nami
who sleeps in the adjacent room the next
morning yoon yee and miss cho prepare
breakfast yooni takes the tray of food
to hoon's piano room where hoon is
currently playing in while he's playing
piano yooni looks wistfully at her new
master and she starts to develop a crush
on him later the family says goodbye to
hoon before he heads off to work in the
bathroom yooni helps hayra on the
tabashi bathes when evening comes uni
cleans up the tub making sure that it's
prepared for whom once he gets home hoon
catches her in the middle of cleaning
with her skirt hitched up high leaving
him to stand there while staring at her
thighs one day the family decides to go
to the local hot spring and they decided
to bring uni with them with yuni wearing
her swimsuit who knows her while she
goes to help nami in the pool later that
evening hoon and heyra are making love
but hey ross struggles with it due to
her pregnancy they're forced to stop
much to hoon's frustration when heyra
falls asleep hoon comes downstairs to
find yoonyi in her bed half-naked
realizing that hoon is there she covers
up her body with a blanket however hoon
only tells her to be quiet then gives
her a glass of wine he orders her to
take off the blanket and with that he
starts seducing her and touching her all
over her body the two of them end up
sleeping together unbeknownst to anyone
in the house the following day ying-yi
remains warm and supportive towards the
oblivious hey raw despite her affair
with her mistress's husband during the
day yoon yee and hoon act as if
everything is normal but the two of them
continue to steal glances at one another
that evening hoon goes to visit yoon yi
in her room and they sleep together
again however miss cho was still awake
at that hour and while she's walking
about she witnesses them in the act the
following morning miss cho watches uni
closely she goes to prepare breakfast
and as usual yoon yi would be taking the
food in hoon's piano room miss joe notes
that yuni is wearing makeup that morning
and she watches yooni from outside the
piano room in the room who hands your
knee her check while she's constantly
smiling at him and trying to look pretty
later yooni goes to massage hey raw
while continuing to warmly support her
in her pregnancy the site revolts miss
cho and she's repulsed that yunyi is so
too faced as to behave cheerfully around
heyra like she's not screwing her
husband behind her back after a day of
work miss cho makes conversation with
you and you while subtly trying to pry
the truth out of her of course uni
casually dismisses her questions here
miss cho shares her negative views about
working for rich people she goes on to
call the job runs which stands for
revolting ugly nauseating and shameless
eventually miss cho reports the affair
to heirara's mother me miss joe tells
her that she thinks that uni is pregnant
and that you need herself might not know
it yet in order to confirm this me plans
to stage an accident meanwhile yani
speaks with her friend and tells her
about her situation with mr hoon this
surprises her friend and she tries to
dissuade yoony from working there any
further however uni doesn't need any of
her friends advice and she continues to
work in the household
one day yoon yi is on a ladder to dust
the chandelier while she's in the middle
of this mee walks by together with heyra
and nami me he intentionally trips so
she can push the ladder that yoon is on
she ends up dangling from the chandelier
clinging tightly to it for dear life she
tries asking me for help but the woman
doesn't do a thing and even goes as far
as to stop her daughter from helping as
well yoon yi ends up falling from the
second floor and she's promptly taken to
the hospital there she's given several
tests including a pregnancy test me
planned for this sudden hospital visit
so they could monitor if you and you
really is pregnant back at the household
mihi reveals to hey raw that hoon and
yuni are having an affair hey rod is
shocked and disappointed but her mother
cynically tells her that infidelity
comes with the territory of marrying a
rich man like hoon as for hoon he's
unaware of all these events since he's
recently left for a business trip
leaving heyron and her mother to plot
against yunyi overall yooni sustained
minor injuries and she's to spend the
night in the hospital before she is
discharged uni discovers that her
pregnancy test result came out as
positive she talks to her friend about
having an abortion and her friend
insists that it would be best for her to
quit her job whether she goes through
with an abortion or not back at the
household hey ra's ever cynical mother
tells her not to resent whom as he was
born getting everything he wanted
regardless if it was right or not she
goes on to explain that her
mother-in-law suffered because all the
men in hoon's family were just like him
but eventually she became respected by
everyone she told her to endure it for
now let him sleep around and one day
she'll live like a queen that evening
hey rob visits uni's room while holding
a golf club she intends to smash the
club against yoni's head while she was
sleeping but in the end she couldn't go
through with it miss joe sees this
happening and watches hey ross
frustration the following day yuni tells
miss cho that she thinks she should quit
with her growing concern for yuni's
safety ms cho urges her to pack her
things and leave immediately still uni
doesn't take miss joe's advice and she
ends up being confronted by heyra and
her mother within that very day hey rah
repeatedly slaps yoony and yooni not
realizing that they know of her affair
could only bow her head shamefully and
ask for forgiveness me then hands her a
check worth a large sum of money
demanding her to get an abortion if she
gets the baby aborted then they can
forget about the entire thing and move
on despite me he's insistence hey ross
suspects that yoon you won't go through
with the abortion after all she observed
that yunyu was close to nami and she
would likely never give up her own child
meanwhile yin yi herself struggles with
whether she wants to keep the baby or
not miss joe urges her to get rid of the
baby so that she could be safe from the
rich family since they won't stop until
they get what they want however talking
with nami only encouraged her to keep
the baby mommy tells her that she saw me
push her from the ladder and nami
apologizes to her even saying that yunyi
is a good person still suspecting that
yoongi won't push through with the
abortion heiran decides to take matters
into her own hands with this in mind she
poisons the herbal medicine that yoongi
drinks every day eventually yoongi
decides that she wants to keep the baby
and she reports this to mrs cho still
concerned miss cho warns her that the
people they're working for are dangerous
uni's liable to getting hurt if she
doesn't give them what they want while
mischo is loyal to her employers she's
still looking out for yunyi hoon returns
from his business trip then goes to see
hey raw in the hospital as she's now
going through labor when the twins are
delivered hoon visits his wife in the
ward before leaving for home to get a
change of clothes hay rock kisses hoon
angrily which confuses him who returns
home to find yooni in their bathtub
outraged who asks what yuni is doing
there and she answers him with the truth
she reveals that she's pregnant with his
baby and his family is paying her to get
an abortion miss joe comes in and yin he
tells both her and hoon that she wants
to keep the baby suddenly yooni wails in
pain as the bathtub fills with her blood
later while she's crumpled up in pain
she tells hoon again that she wants to
keep the baby even promising to leave
them peacefully knowing that the poison
medicine might have already given her a
miscarriage who agrees to keep the baby
later in his piano room hoon confronts
me about the events that transpired he
demands to know if she was the one who
poisoned yunyi even though he doesn't
want the baby in the first place hoon
remains offended that his mother-in-law
would poison his own child yoongi is
taken to the hospital and there she's
forced to undergo an abortion without
her consent fully eliminating the
possibility of having the baby the only
person to stay with her during the
abortion is miss cho who's now feeling
remorseful about how things ended up uni
partly blames miss cho for what happened
since she's the one who told me about
her affair and the woman could only
apologize to her yooni tells her that
she wants to get revenge somehow for
what the family had done to her yoongi
is now back at her old apartment with
her friend during one night her friend
tells her that it would be best to just
forget about the whole thing
inconsolable unique cries in the corner
of the bed repeating the word runs over
and over again when yin yi has recovered
from the abortion miss cho helps her
sneak into the house here hoon catches
uni breastfeeding one of the twins with
an increasingly unstable state of mind
uni lingers around the house while
refusing to leave the entire family
gathers in the living room me hoon hey
ra nami and the twin babies are all
there hey raw orders miss show to chase
ye out of the house but miss cho poised
and calm as ever refuses to she quits
right there on the spot finally having
had enough of the family's immoral
behavior suddenly unhi emerges from the
second floor to torment the family by
slyly talking to nami leading the child
to ask about what happened to the baby
in her tummy to no avail miss cho tries
convincing yoon yi to abandon her plan
and just leave the place with her since
yunyu remains dedicated to seeing her
plan through she apologizes to both nami
and her twin siblings she asks them to
never forget about her before taking a
rope and hanging herself on the same
chandelier she wants clung to the family
could only watch in horror while yoon
chokes to her death but she doesn't stop
there she lights herself on fire as the
terrified family looks on and miss cho
simply turns around to take her leave
eventually the sprinklers start running
and the family finally leaves the house
too from outside nami stares at the
swinging and burning body of uni before
her father ushers her to leave with him
the lasting scars from the horror that
the family was subjected to remain they
spend nami's birthday outdoors in the
snow with everyone speaking in english
me is sat down carrying the twins in
both arms her face unreadable as she
stares at nothing in particular who
appears overjoyed with a big smile on
his face while voting on his daughter
and opening the champagne bottle hey ron
looks drunk and detached as she sways
around while singing a slow happy
birthday song nami looks slowly between
her parents before walking away from her
unhinged family while her detached
mother and overzealous father each take
a seat the girl looks on in the distance
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out thank
you for watching
you